That is the narrative of what is about to happen. Here are some additional thoughts and speculations that I think would be helpful to know, but there wasn't a great place to include them in what became *The Significantly Longer Version*.

### The odds of surviving all seven years are quite low
Between the Fourth Bowl and Sixth Trumpet Judgments, 50% of the world's population will die. But on top of that, almost every judgment comes will decent odds of collateral damage. Wars, famines, plagues, worldwide earthquakes, hail, heatwaves. Not to mention water turning to blood, or getting poisoned, or the deaths of first a third, then all, sea life. Between all this, some scholars put the odds of surviving at just under 25%.

And then there is the persecution of anyone who becomes a Christian or otherwise refuses to take the Mark of the Beast. Though an argument could be made that getting beheaded for being a Christian is getting a free pass to skip to the end. So that survival rate is quite lower, though, at that point, it doesn't really matter.

### Reality won't be this black and white
The Bible says that as soon as the Church is Raptured, the world will be subject to a Great Deception. People these days work so hard to discount the supernatural, so when the supernatural happens, they will latch onto whatever they can. This deception is one of the ways the Antichrist will rise to power. He will be a smooth-talking leader with all the answers. 

If you recall, the Seal Judgments seem like natural extensions of each other. It will be easy for everyone to keep explaining things away. The Bible appears to indicate that it is not really until the latter half of the Bowl judgments that the world will be divided into Christians and people who are actively blaspheming God. 

Once an individual is Marked, the deception is no longer necessary since Satan will have won the battle for their soul, so I think at that point, he (Satan) will fill them with so much anger and hate that they will willfully and knowingly give God the finger. Until that point, however, as long as the person has the chance to turn to Jesus, Satan will be trying to deceive and cajole them to his side. 

I hope that by providing this document, I can help you see through the lies and deception. Logically, there should be no way I'd know any of this, but it is in the Bible (albeit vague), so as it starts to come true, hopefully, that provides proof that God exists, and He knows what's up. In the additional resources section, I'll also provide some resources that look at Christianity from a lens other than prophecy. 

### The cultural interpretations of Heaven and Hell are really annoying
Over the millennia, there has been a certain amount of dramatizing, embellishing, and simplification of the ideas of Heaven and Hell (actually, many cycles of this resulting in a strange eschatological game of telephone). But if you get into the theology of it all, it boils down to this. Heaven is where God, the source of all love, joy, peace, and comfort, lives. And Hell is where God is not. Logically, therefore,  Hell will have no love, joy, peace, or comfort. 

Right now, there is a thing Christians call "Common Grace". This basically means there is a helping of love, joy, peace, comfort, etc. that God has given to the whole Earth, at large, with no regard for merit. Then we believe that Christians have a little extra helping because we have a piece of the Holy Spirit inside us. Additionally, we believe that at some point, God will also withdraw His Common Grace. Possibly at the beginning of the Tribulation. Definitely by the mid-point

The purpose of the Church Age and Common Grace, in general, was to give people time to make their way back towards God, but as time goes on and humans walk further and further away from Him, eventually God is going to withdraw His Grace. The Tribulation is meant to be a final reckoning. Sorta like a last chance, like God is saying, "This is what a world looks like without Me." And then at the end of the Tribulation, once everyone has made up their minds, He will separate those who want to be with Him into Heaven, and those who don't want to be with Him into Hell.

### Why a lower survival rate for Christians doesn't matter
A Christian, by definition, is someone who wants to be with God. Once God removes His Common Grace, He will live only in the hearts of the Tribulation Saints (as the Bible calls post-rapture Christians). The world will be turned over to Satan. If someone is a Christian, the Tribulation will be particularly rough. But for them, it is not God's Wrath they are suffering, just Satan and the World's Wrath. Not to say that their wrath won't be significant, but it will be finite and short. The Tribulation Saints will also have to deal with collateral damage from God's Wrath. This is why God raptures the Church before the Tribulation, because He does not want us to have to suffer His Wrath. But anyone who converts after the Rapture will have to tough it out. Therefore, to die during the Tribulation means skipping all the wrath, and being able to leave the world and join God. That said, even if a Christian has to live through all 7 years of the Tribulation, God has promised to be with them. He has promised peace and joy and to surround them with His never-ending love. Make no mistake, life will be neither easy nor comfortable, but when all is said and done, no matter what the survival rate of Christians will be, we will *all* be with our God for the rest of eternity. 

### The Holy Spirit and Its restraining
The Holy Spirit is one of the three members of the Trinity—God the Father, God the Son (Jesus), and God the Holy Spirit. As mentioned above (in the section about The Antichrist), we believe that the Holy Spirit is acting as a restraining force against the evils of the world. Specifically against Satan and his machinations. This restraining force is part of the Common Grace that God has given everyone. When the Church is Raptured, the Holy Spirit will not leave the Earth since It will still be around for the Tribulation Saints, but It will no longer restrain Satan. Instead of providing a Common Grace, It will offer a Special Grace, and those who refuse it will be turned over to Satan and suffer the Wrath of God. One of the more ambiguous parts of studying prophecy is that a lot of what is prophesied is not going to occur until after the Antichrist is revealed, which the Bible very clearly says can not happen until after the Restrainer is taken out of the way. Since this event correlates with the Rapture, the timing of which is deliberately kept from us, we are left looking at shadows, trying to judge what is causing them and how far away they are. 

### You should probably prepare
If you take nothing else away from this whole document, at least look into preparing for it all. It wasn't in the scope of this document, so I left most of it out, but other prophecies in the Bible hint that the Rapture will be very soon. Adopting a prepper life-style would not be unwarranted. If you thought the coronavirus chaos was terrible, this will make it seem like a walk in the park. And unlike corona, there is no hope for it to blow over in a couple of months. The Economy is going to be wrecked by the Rapture, especially in America. Then by a global war, then a worldwide famine, then a full quarter of the Earth's population dying. And that's just the beginning. Unless God, in His Grace, allows a breather between Corona and the Rapture, business will literally never be going back to normal.

I don't mean to be sensationalistic or fear-mongering. If I am right about religion, these are the simple facts. I may be wrong, but I really don't think I am. There are plenty of entirely unrelated areas of Christian theology that hold water and independently prove the truth of Christianity to me. If those are true, then how can I dismiss any of this? Ultimately it is up to you, though.
