# About
The purpose of this site is to share what I can while I still can. The name of the site **Pouring Oil**, is a reference to 2 Kings 4 where the Prophet Elisha tells a widow to take her tiny jar of oil and pour it into every container she has. God miraculously kept the oil flowing until she ran out of containers. Elsewhere in scripture, oil is symbolic of having the Holy Spirit. So I see each day as a container, with the opportunity to pour some oil into it. The metaphor is not perfect, but the point is that I have a lifetime of Christian experience and knowledge and the ability to share it. My hope is that through this site, I can share it so that it is accessible far outside the spatial and temporal range of my voice.

There is coming a time when the government of this world will actively hunt down and exterminate Christians. This will be during the event commonly known as The Tribulation. With that in mind, I have purposefully created this site, and it's contents, to be as much help as possible during that time. All of the posts are written in *Markdown*, which is a special way of formatting a document so that it retains its markup (styling: like headers or boldness) without any special programs. Unlike a Microsoft Word document (.doc/.docx), a Markdown document (.md) can be easily viewed in anything. For the purpose of this site, I convert the markdown to look like Rich Text formatting, but if you were to download the post, it would be in plain text.

And to that end, please download. Everything on this site, and including the site is absolutely free for anyone to download and distribute. If you know how to host a website, you are more than welcome to do so. I have provided links to all my code and encourage you to download that as well. I've purposefully tried to make the code simple so that the site can run on any computer with the least amount of set up possible. If you don't know how, or can't, or don't want to deal with a full website, please download and copy the posts and article I have included.

This site and the information on it is intended to be used by those left behind following the Rapture of the Church. I may not know you personally, but it is my sincere prayer to meet you someday. Be strong and remain faithful. This miniature version of Hell is temporary but after this comes Eternity. God bless.